Update breaking change rules regarding byref/objref fields. (#112087)
dotnet/runtime: docs/coding-guidelines/breaking-change-rules.md

* Changing a `struct` type to a `ref struct` type and vice versa

> * Adding a `ref` or object reference field to a value type that didn't previously have either a `ref` or object reference field before (recursively)

Reviewer: This should be in Members chapter since it talks about members. I would put it next to "Adding a field to a struct that previously had no state" rule since it is very similar.

Do we want to mention the generic struct case as well or is that corner case covered by the "(recursively)" note? For example, it is a breaking change to change `struct G<T> { int x; }` to `struct G<T> { int x; T y; }` for the same reason.

Author: I added a clause about "generic parameter based field". That sounds wordy to me and Copilot wasn't much help.

Author: Tried again :)

    Definite assignment rules allow use of uninitialized variables so long as the variable type is a stateless struct. If the struct is made stateful, code could now end up with uninitialized data. This is both potentially a source breaking and binary breaking change.

> * Adding a `ref` (byref), object reference, or generic type parameter-based field to a value type that formerly had none of those field kinds. If the value type already contains at least one such field, adding another is non-breaking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adding a `ref` (byref), object reference, or generic type that does not have `unmanaged` constrain parameter-based field to a value type that formerly had none of those field kinds. If the value type already contains at least one such field, adding another is non-breaking.
```
If we want to be precise, adding a new field of a generic type that is constrained as `unmanaged` should be fine.

> * Adding a `ref` (byref), object reference, or generic type parameter-based field to a value type that formerly had none of those field kinds. If the value type already contains at least one such field, adding another is non-breaking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adding a reference type field, a `ref` field, or a field with generic type parameter without `unmanaged` constraint, to a value type that formerly had none of those field kinds. If the value type already contains at least one such field, adding another is non-breaking.
```
Attempt at rewording. (I tried to consistently use C# names for things like the rest of the doc.)

> * Adding a reference type field, a `ref` field, or a field involving a generic type parameter without the `unmanaged` constraint, to a value type that formerly had none of those field kinds. If the value type already contains at least one such field, adding another is non-breaking.

Reviewer 2: Is it worth being explicit about this being transitive, that adding a field of a value type which contains such a field is the same as adding those fields directly? e.g. it'd be a breaking change to add a CancellationToken to a struct that lacked any existing reference fields because CT itself contains a reference field.

Author: This was in the version pre-Copilot. Looks like it was lost in my prompt. I'll add it back.

Author: I gave it a shot.

> * Adding a reference type field, a `ref` field, or a field involving a generic type parameter without the `unmanaged` constraint, to a value type that formerly had none of those field kinds. If the value type already contains at least one such field, adding another is non-breaking.

Reviewer 2: It can also be a breaking change to add even a primitive value type, if it's the first field on the type. If the struct previously had no fields, Roslyn might have considered it definitely assigned even if it never was.

Reviewer: The existing rule right before this one covers this case.

    Definite assignment rules allow use of uninitialized variables so long as the variable type is a stateless struct. If the struct is made stateful, code could now end up with uninitialized data. This is both potentially a source breaking and binary breaking change.

> * Adding a reference type field, a `ref` field, or a field involving a generic type parameter without the `unmanaged` constraint, to a value type that formerly had none of those field kinds. If the value type already contains at least one such field, adding another is non-breaking. This rule applies recursively to new fields that contain value type that may also introduce a new field kind.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Adding a reference type field, a `ref` field, or a field involving a generic type parameter without the `unmanaged` constraint, to a value type that formerly had none of those field kinds. If the value type already contains at least one such field, adding another is non-breaking. This rule applies recursively to new fields that contain value types that may also introduce a new field kind.
```
